[Vectorize] Announcement for the anticipated blocking of legacy index creation (#17593)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/vectorize/reference/transition-vectorize-legacy.mdx

Legacy Vectorize (V1) indexes are on a deprecation path. Support for these indexes would be limited and their usage is not recommended for any production workloads.

> Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes will be blocked by December 2024. Other operations will be unaffected and will remain functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you will no longer be able to create legacy Vectorize indexes by December 2024. Other operations will be unaffected and will remain functional.
```

> Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes will be blocked by December 2024. Other operations would be unaffected and would remain functional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes will be blocked by December 2024. Other operations will be unaffected and will remain functional.
```

> Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes would be blocked by December 2024. Other operations would be unaffected and would remain functional.

Reviewer 3: I'd replace would by will in there.

Author: @sejoker fixed this.

> Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes would be blocked by December 2024. Other operations would be unaffected and would remain functional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthemore, the creation of legacy Vectorize indexes will be blocked by December 2024. Other operations would be unaffected and would remain functional.
```
